We're half an hour from the open in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Mabel Hong
in Singapore.
>> Happy Friday. I'm David Ingles here in
Hong Kong. Let's get to your top stories
today. Stocks across the Asia Pacific
are poised for a fifth day of gains. You
have tech leading the Nikkei index
towards a record high. We're closing in
on that specific threshold. The dollar
is set for its longest losing streak in
more than 1 year. Now, President Trump
names his chief economic advisor Stephen
Moore as Fed governor as Chris Waller
separately emerges as the favorite to
replace Jay Powell. And as always,
recently at least, trade in focus is the
US. It is close to extending its truce
with China while India's Narendra Modi
plans meeting this month with Xi Jinping
takes on added significance.
Right. Welcome to the show. Happy
Friday. Full session away from the
weekend. If you're a glass-half-full
kind of person, that means we're closing
in on Monday. But anyway, we can talk
about that on the other side of the
2-day weekend where we have, by the way,
CPI coming through out of China
on Sunday. We'll talk more about that.
Chinese media though suggesting that
this window is open for a triple R cut.
All right. The Asian benchmark 7/10 of
1%. We've had some changes to the
benchmarks as well, which we can get to
later. So, all things equal, five
straight days. A lot of the gains we're
seeing now
I want to say now, maybe the last 30
minutes or so has really been coming
through out of Japan. Maybe Taiwan right
now, which is also, by the way, closing
in on its own record high. I think we're
now about just over 1% away on the Taiex
even with the gains we're seeing right
now. TSMC
up in the early goings about 5 4/10 of
1%. That's a record high already by the
way on TSMC. Flip the boards, please.
The approach to the Chinese open today
so we've we're going through some
uh earnings today and perhaps more more
so next week with Tencent. But yeah, you
had the big semiconductors out. Um some
on the autos front like Dongfeng Motor
which is up substantially although you
do have some fairly unfavorable guidance
that coming through at the company. So
we are down on futures right now. We
have a 30-year
uh bond auction today. I think it's a 7
and a 30-year bond auction today and of
course we have the CPI print which we
mentioned earlier on coming through on
Sunday. Uh the story in the dollar is
one where it's resumed its weakness. I
think five or six days in the Bloomberg
Dollar Index being moved up in cable
overnight. You had this interesting
revote uh on the Bank of England.
So rate cut but rate cut and then what
is the question right now. So the path
forward for the Bank of England a bit
more muddied at this point in time. Uh
very quickly we talked about Japan
really at the center of the current
rally topics Nikkei and the stocks on
your screens leading to those
gains right now. We're now 11% to the
upside on SoftBank and of course the
other car makers reporting post close
uh on Thursday. So at this level we
should be about 1% away from the high
that we hit I think July of last year.
Beyond that we've never been at these
levels here for the Nikkei 225. So yeah,
we are looking at uh potentially a new
record over the next let's call it one
or two weeks assuming we get there of
course April.
>> Yeah, and on this Japan stock gain it's
being fueled by earnings deliveries,
right? From SoftBank, from Sony. But
also we have Japan saying that the US
has confirmed that they won't be
stacking these tariffs. So that's
another tailwind. And if you look at
tariffs of course part of the
conversation is what Beth Ann has said
on China that you know these tariffs
could still be on on table as he
addressed uh concerns about China's
buying of Russian oil. At least for now,
we have the likes of lightning talking
about how on August 12th, maybe beyond
that, we see another 90-day trade truce
extension. Um of course, when it comes
to deadlines, we also have Trump having
given Putin
uh that deadline for a ceasefire of
sorts or end of the conflict in Ukraine,
and he has been sounding quite
disappointed in the Russian leader. Have
a listen.
>> Is your deadline still standing for
Vladimir Putin to agree to a ceasefire
tomorrow, or is that fluid now that
>> It's going to be up to him.
>> And do you
>> Well, then we're we're going to see what
he has to say. What's going to be up to
him. Very disappointed.
>> Yeah, so I mean, what is I was looking
through the big news overnight. So,
there's that, of course, April. And then
the the Intel story. I want to say
almost out of nowhere came through, I
think, when you look at the stock, it
did, of course, and clearly off highs of
the day. Uh so, let's start things off
with what the president had to say. And
effectively, you know, we have to look
into, and I'm paraphrasing from his
perspective, we have to look into
uh the Intel bosses ties
uh with China. After which, of course,
and he says, "Thank you for the
attention to this problem." After which,
of course, we did get a statement coming
through out of Intel itself. And they're
saying, "We are still committed, of
course, to the Made in America." I'm
paraphrasing that as well. So, we'll
we'll try to understand this even
further, because when you look across
the Asian equity complex, there are a
lot of companies that are tied to
Intel's fortunes as well. And just to
underscore the statement coming through
here out of Intel and the board there,
what they're saying is, "Yep, are deeply
committed to the national security of
the US and the integrity of our role, of
course, in the US defense ecosystem."
So, that's story number two. Story
number three to get through as well is
the Fed, right? And the softness in the
dollar. 95% probability right now,
April, priced for a cut in September.
And of course, the personnel changes.
and two names, of course, Stephen Meran,
number one, who by the way also talked
about Chris Waller, who might, of
course, be now
uh in the conversation to replace uh the
Fed chair. In fact, let's have a look at
how Mr. Meran talked about Mr. Waller.
>> I think that Governor Waller has really
built up a really impressive track
record. Not succumbing to the tariff
derangement syndrome that many others uh
throughout the throughout the country,
but particularly at the Fed, seem to
have succumbed to. Uh you know, in his
he's done a really good job having an
independent voice, which I think
ultimately uh is proving correct.
>> Okay, let's
start things off by talking about what
this means for the path of rates around
the Fed. Joanna Chua is with us here on
set, head of EM economics at Citigroup
Global Markets. Good morning. Nice to
see you.
>> Hi. Good morning.
>> So, lay us lay out the call from Citi
here on the Fed and how the personnel
changes affect any of that, if any.
>> Look, we've always had this view that
the Fed will cut resume cut in
September, and then he's consistently
had this view that the labor market's
going to slow down, and it's going to
cut every meeting for at least five
consecutive meetings. And I think the
data that came out on the nonfarm
payroll pretty much bears that out. Uh
and obviously we were even surprised by
the backward revisions. So, I think that
always was in place just given the
fundamentals of the economy. Of course,
one can worry about the inflationary
pressures of the tariff and how that's
going to impact goods prices. But what
we're seeing in the data is services
inflation has been coming off. So, even
though there is some price pressures on
goods, it's not enough, I think, to
change the trajectory of the Fed. Uh so,
I think that's really a major driver of
our call, the fundamental developments
in the US economy. I wouldn't say this
latest round of this FOMC kind of is
really a a major driver at this point. I
mean, I think, you know, it's not a it's
not a surprise that they would choose
you know, if the Kugler the Kugler
resignation was a bit of a surprise in
terms of being earlier than expected.
Uh but again, and obviously Meran
filling that shoe will probably add a
bit more of a dovish tone. I mean, you
heard him on the interview. He's clearly
not a big buyer of the inflationary
consequences of of of
But I think that the Waller news
I think it will be taken a little bit
more constructively because I mean
Waller's already been in the FOMC. He's
a known element. He's a respected
economist. So and he was a I mean he
recently has been more dovish, but he
hasn't always been a dove and he's been
in the FOMC since 2020. So I think that
tells you there'll be a little bit more
reinforcement of independence.
>> Yeah, and of course the descent of
course which Mr. Waller of course in the
last meeting. What does it mean for the
path of the dollar which has somewhat
resumed its its downward trajectory
recently?
>> we are of the view that the dollar will
continue to resume its weakness. I mean
obviously the latest round of tariff
bonanza that happened and all this noise
and the BLS etc. further reinforce that.
But really the main driver of the dollar
weakness is you know again we expect the
US economy is going to continue to slow
down even slow down a little bit faster
than some of the rest of the rest of the
you know the economies. And so from a
growth differential momentum and
obviously the Fed a further repricing of
Fed easing beyond what is currently
priced in could further support a dollar
weaker view. Of course you know we
already had a big repricing of the Fed,
but I still think there's could there
could still be a little bit more room to
go.
>> Do you think it could be in the form of
bigger cut like a 50 basis point?
>> So at this point we don't we're not
expecting a 50 basis points cut. It's
not impossible, but we would have to see
materially significant deterioration in
the data. So you know we have to have a
big surprise. Maybe a negative payroll
print or something big like big a big
increase in unemployment rate that's
coming up to justify a big move in
September. But for now I think you know
our expectation is there's still pockets
of resilience in the economy. You know
labor force participation having
declined is keeping unemployment rates
relatively stable. So we think probably
a 25 basis points cut a more cautious
stance is probably warranted.
>> Mhm.
Talk to us about how you think this
Fed is going to be viewing inflation? Do
you see it as potentially tariff hits
coming, you know, sort of one-off or or
in waves? And how will they approach the
issue?
>> Look, I think obviously with the moves
that we're having on tariffs is is
unprecedented in scale. So, I think uh
the latest round of tariff estimates
from the Yale lab suggests after this
whole latest round of tariff, basically
tariff increased in the US to up to like
18 percentage points. So, obviously it's
kind of the highest uh you know, in
almost 100 years, right? So, we have to
see to what extent that's going to pass
through. Now, obviously it's taking a
bit more time uh that that will kick in.
Um and obviously there's some offsetting
effects on services inflation. Uh but I
think I understand that's part of the
reason why the Fed would probably be a
little bit more cautious in kind of
front-running very, very aggressive
cuts. Just because, you know, we we have
to manage uh how how inflation
expectations evolve. Uh but look, I
think it is, you know, there's going to
be some impact. There's going to
definitely be a pass-through. Um you
know, and you know, it's not going to be
true that a lot of that would just get
be absorbed by the exporters. And uh
furthermore, uh what used to help uh
mitigate the inflationary impact,
especially under Trump 1.0, was a
stronger dollar. But this time around,
you have a tariff increase and at the
same time you have a weaker dollar
superimposed on top of that. So, that
obviously is something that that we need
to watch out for. But again, uh we're
not too worried from the overall core
inflation reading because as I said,
other components of the CPI like
services inflation has been coming off.
>> All right, Joanna, we'll have uh more on
the tariff conversation in just a bit.
Stick around. Head of emerging market
economics at Citi Group Global Markets,
Joanna Traul with us. Coming up as well,
we look ahead to this month's summit
between India's Prime Minister and the
Chinese President now taking on added
significance as Modi's relations with
the US sour over trade.
>> Okay, and the sun is finally out as we
go into this weekend. It's been a while
actually since we've been gliding into a
weekend with really nice weather. It's
still hot though out there. 18 minutes
away to the opening bell. Futures are
called lower 3/10 of 1%. 18 minutes away
as we were pointing out. Sean and Sean
here in Hong Kong. This is the China
Show.
>> You're watching the China Show. A couple
of things that we're watching in the
session today out of the greater China
region. Of course, yesterday we saw yet
another session of gains on the Shanghai
comp. This is pretty strong rally
against the backdrop of the onshore
market turnover that topped 1.8 trillion
yuan just a day ago. Aside from that,
watching the sale of 7- and 30-year
bonds, CGBs, ahead of a weekend where
we're going to be getting CPI data and
then of course the digestion of MSCI
changes. A couple of themes underway
there including on consumption.
Some of these new consumer plays I think
are being
added into the China index and then some
earnings to watch out for as well. And
the big movers including
New World. That's something else that we
are keeping an eye on given that
speculation about financing. New World
saying that there has been no offer from
Blackstone, David.
>> Yeah, no shares were issued to anybody
and of course that was the report that
then led to I think almost 20% at one
point on shares of New World. I'm
looking at the pre-markets right now.
Nothing to suggest that the stock's
going to go the opposite way. I mean,
we'll find out really in about 5 minutes
or so. Of course, we talked about Xiaomi
and Cathay Pacific which are separate
but related stories of the stocks of
course continuing to see declines right
now. So, couple of things before we go
into the weekend, right? So, we have
trade numbers in case you missed that
out of China yesterday. Number one and
number two is we have inflation coming
through on Sunday. So, just keep an eye
on that and really what all these
what the tariff headlines might look
like
this time on Monday, which is obviously
a daily daily developing story. To help
us wrap our heads around
take a step back, right? Effectively,
where are we on these tariffs and
comparatively between these economies?
Still with us here on set, Johanna Chua,
head of emerging markets economics at
Citigroup Global Markets. So, you guys
put out several pieces on number one,
I think the the payback we're seeing of
all that front loading on trade, and
what and the other piece, of course, is
eventually how tariffs eventually settle
and what that means for competitive
trade. Just help us understand what you
guys are thinking here.
>> Sure. I mean, as you know, a lot of
Asian economies reported better than
expected, you know, first half GDP
growth, especially in the second
quarter. And as you know, we saw a lot
of export front loading. When you look
globally at the major trading partners
of the US, the front loading was really
most obvious in the electronic sector.
And it was very obvious in a lot of the
Asian markets.
And so, what we're seeing, one of the
things that we were speculating is
obviously in an environment where, you
know, we're starting to see signs that
US economy is slowing down even
potentially faster than expected with
the payroll data. We were already
expecting a payback effect. If US
economy continues to slow down, that
will even be potentially more magnified.
So, we've been tracking for the last
couple of months, we've actually been
tracking a lot of the data to assess
where we starting to see the payback
effects on the exports. And where we're
seeing it, we first started to see it in
Singapore and Malaysia, but then
recently we've also started to see quite
a bit of payback effect on Thailand as
well.
So, again, the view is that could
continue to go and you know, you know,
recently we actually just move our
central bank rate cut call in Thailand a
bit earlier to next week, to August,
partly because not just because the
inflation was very benign, but just
because that we think the growth
headwinds are growing. So, that's
something that we need to watch for the
region obviously going into the second
half. And then the other thing that
really was a bit of a surprise is the
tariff differential story. I mean, you
know, you know, if you remember when
Trump was campaigning you know, for
presidency he was saying oh you know,
60% tariff on China and then 10% for
everyone else and as you know, there was
a big big narrative of like
diversification your supply chain moving
to ASEAN other even India as the
alternative. But I think Trump came in
and sort of surprised at that the breath
of the tariffs, you know, kind of
hitting across so many countries and in
the end it escalated significantly on
China, but as you know, China had a lot
of leverage and it de-escalated quite
sharply. So it's kind of ironic. I mean,
when you kind of look at the landscape
of tariff, I mean that India was a bit
of a you know, it was a big surprise
that there was an additional 25% threat.
Uh now we don't know if that's really
going to happen subject to all these
Russian negotiations.
Uh but if we calculated that if the
extra 25% for the Russian imports kick
in on India, the additional kind of
effective tariff rate on India after
carving out some of the exemptions is
going to be something like 42.4%
>> Wow.
>> which if you compare to China, you know,
China had the 10% uh reciprocal, 20%
fentanyl and then the previous uh 11%
from Trump 1.0, but then there's a bit
of carve outs. We estimate the effective
tariff rate in China is about like
something like 40.5. So it would be
really ironic when people were thinking
India was the alternative hedge of China
that the effective tariff rate would be
higher on India. Now again, we're not
expecting that will happen, but this
narrowing of tariff differential kind of
really creates a lot of uncertainty
about supply chain diversification.
>> Right.
>> I mean even ASEAN, right? ASEAN had a
lower tariff. I mean some it seems like
rather than hovering close to 10, we're
talking around hovering close to 20.
Of course with that of course with a lot
of exemptions so that probably takes the
effective tariff rate down. But remember
we have this 40% for transshipment and
we don't really quite know what this
transshipment really means. But
depending on how it's defined, if that
is really driven by targeting China
re-routing, well, you know, then why
would you re-route to ASEAN if it's 40%
when China gives you kind of equivalent.
So again, it kind of changes the
relative competitiveness at a time when
as you know, Chinese exports are already
so competitive. So I think this creates
a little bit of uncertainty, more
uncertainty on the trade policy and I
think that again further kind of creates
more risk to growth in the second half
of this year.
>> And and how does the So the China
released trade numbers yesterday and how
does that then inform you on probably
who comes out as an early winner in
terms of
to your point, right? In terms of
competitive advantage. It doesn't seem
there's a big difference now effectively
on the
>> Well, not as big as we had thought and I
think China was so competitive and
you're seeing in some of the export
numbers in China. I mean obviously it's
been quite I mean it's of course it's
slowed down, but it's really been a lot
more resilient than people had expected.
And then initially it was driven by a
lot of you know, strong exports to the
rest of the world. Part of it was kind
of supply chain rerouting as China's
exports to US kind of slowed down. But
in the latest round of data, you're
starting to see some signs that China's
exports to US are kind of bottoming
as other economies are seeing a bit of a
slowdown. So it just tells you how
resilient it is and if it's true, I mean
let's see what happens with this 90-day
review. If it's true that we do get
another 90-day review,
that kind of creates a little bit more
of a you know, a stable kind of
environment for tariff. And remember
when you get to 90-day, you're talking
November and a lot of people are
potentially talking about a Xi-Trump
summit in APEC in November. I mean if
that happens or not. So I mean again,
these things are still evolving. There
is so much uncertainty on how these
tariffs are going to evolve. We have to
also remember we're so focused on tariff
differential, but just the uncertainty
is so large on tariff because we don't
really know how long this is going to
end. That remember that's also going to
create a lot of drag on capex and if
capex continues to slow down and we're
seeing signs of that, you know, capex is
a very trade intensive
kind of activity and in the latest
export data and trade data out out Asia,
we did see that capital goods imports
have been slowing down.
>> Right. Joanna, you talk about that
potential Trump-Xi meeting. Two other
leaders there are meeting.
And this was planned before the India
50% potential hike in tariffs where Modi
and Xi. I mean, as we see this sort of
reshuffling in trade supply chains, what
is your sense of the extent that we can
see maybe closer trade between China and
India?
>> So, this is something, you know,
obviously the situation is still
evolving. I mean, what happened with
this escalation of Trump tariffs is a
very recent event that happened. So, it
will be interesting to see to what
extent there will be some realignment.
But the reality is there's also not a
lot of trust between US and China. But
we are moving in the world where the big
injection of uncertainty of trade policy
is really coming out of the US. And that
will incentivize economies by design are
going to want to kind of diversify a
little bit more. And you know, there's a
number of countries that are kind of on
the receiving end of that uncertainty. I
mean, we saw that with Canada, we saw
that with Brazil, and now we see that
with India. But you know, again, I think
it's just a there there is a lot of this
kind of potential diplomatic outreach to
kind of provide a bit of hedging. But
the reality is it's very very it's also
quite tough and challenging because US
market is very very important. And
there's a lot of gap on trust between
China and India as well. So, it's not
like that will be easily resolved. I
mean, a lot of people talked about, "Oh,
maybe with this Trump volatility, maybe
there'll be a further re you know, a
kind of realignment of EU and China."
And look what we saw there. I mean, it
wasn't really very it was also very very
challenging. And if anything, given the
latest round of agreements, it looks
like EU sort of pivoted back to the US
in order to get that trade deal and not
retaliate. So, let's see. I mean, these
there's a lot of diplomatic outreach and
moves, but it's it's quite complicated.
>> Yeah, all the bingo cards were largely
off if you look at the outcomes
currently.
>> Joanna, thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
>> Have a great weekend ahead. Joanna
Trahar, the head of emerging market
economics at Citigroup Global Markets.
Going into the open today, Hang Seng
Index. Coming up on your screens, the
fix is also out. Plus, of course, some
open market operations, 7-day repo out
of the PBOC. We're down half of 1% on
the Hang Seng. Your midpoint of the day,
7.13 against the US dollar. This is the
China Show. Good morning.
>> Couple of stocks to watch in the session
today among
you know, the digestion that's going on
is also about earnings. We're seeing
some of these biotech plays doing quite
well. Innovent Biologics, one of them
that we're watching. I think product
revenue jumping more than 35%. Dongfeng
also another one.
But, net income, I think going sort of
the other direction. SMIC, net income
missing the mark as well. And then, of
course, Huahong Semi's. We're seeing
that revenue beating. David.
>> Yep. So, we're looking at those and of
course, these three as well
have been under pressure. You know, will
they out of the money if I can use that
pun as well? And will the magic carpet
lift Cathay Pacific to a whole new world
as they say? Let's go into the open
today, just under 3 minutes away.
Futures are down half of 1% on the Hang
Seng Index. It's looking like we're
going to get an open below the 25,000
handle on the Hang Seng. The open is
next. This is Bloomberg.
>> Welcome back and good morning. You're
watching the China show counting down to
the open of trade here. So apart from
what you see we'll get to the China more
in a moment just to mention what's
happening across the
other parts of the region. I guess to
inform us how mixed this
session is. Japan is leading the way to
the upside that's lifting benchmark to a
lesser extent Taiwan is also seeing some
gains but apart from that uh it's a big
earnings week in Japan. It will be a big
earnings week in in the Hong Kong
markets next week but we are getting
sort of
uh some samples in that already this
week. So April uh what are you what are
you looking at as far as the open goes?
>> I mean just to add as well in between
this week and the next we also have
those China numbers on CPI right? A day
after trade data.
Uh but not sure how much people are
reading into that given how the higher
frequency numbers on trading are still
you know some cause for concern. So
maybe this caution we're seeing at the
open on the mainland reflects that you
know people don't want to put money on
the table ahead of that weekend. Uh we
did see a bounce in metals though on the
back of that trade data just a day ago.
So a bit of a reversal
uh today worth noting that the CSI 300
has been under performing the Shanghai
comp that's just been going from
strength to strength. Can't quite say
that at the start of trade today though.
Taking a look at the Hang Seng again um
at how it's faring against the backdrop
of you know everything that's going on
in the region the tariff digestion along
with earnings. It's a down day half a
percent off. Tech seems to be leading
the declines and then looking at MSCI
China also four tenths down. We'll get
to more on uh
the additions to the China index in just
a bit but just highlighting as well new
world
uh after saying that it didn't get an
offer from Blackstone, that stock is
down today.
Uh La Pu Gold, that's one of the MSCI
China additions, right? Um part of I
guess some of these consumption themes.
China Citic, that's another one that was
really interesting to see as well. And I
think uh our next guest is going to be
talking about how some of these Chinese
banks have been even outperforming uh
the Nasdaq. And just taking a quick look
at some of those the MSCI deletions as
well. You had Sinoc, you had Hisense, CK
Launching Brewery uh among the stocks
that we were watching in the session
today, Dave.
>> Okay, we're looking also at
uh New World, of course, and you know,
the
massive move up in the stock yesterday.
As you can see, we've come off going
into the close. We were still up, of
course, substantially. And uh right now,
we are up in the early goings about half
of 1%. So, let's call it let's call it
flat. And as April was pointing out
there, right, uh Blackstone has made has
not made an offer for its shares. That's
according to New World in the denial
follows this media reports of potential
financing that then triggered the
massive massive move up in the stock
price. Let's bring in our conglomerates
and consumer and gaming uh reporter
Shirley Zhao to help us understand where
we are in the story and what happened to
shares yesterday and what we know so far
about the where we are in this chapter
of financing and in capital infusion
today.
>> Right. So, what happened yesterday is
that early yesterday, um media outlet
Octa released a news report saying that
New World's controlling shareholder, the
Cheng family, and Blackstone are in
talks of a deal uh which will see the
two parties co-investing about 2.5
billion US dollars into New World. And
part of the deal could involve
privatization of New World. And after
the news was out, um you know, the
market basically blew up and New World's
shares jumped. And throughout the day,
it rose as much as 20% at one point
before pairing some gains, but later in
the day New World issued a stock
exchange filing basically saying nobody
from the Cheng family or from Blackstone
has approached New World about any
share offers. Basically saying, you
know, it hasn't been in talks with
anybody about privatization of the
company. So, that's why we're seeing the
stock sort of coming down a bit today.
>> Surely, so what's next for New World? I
mean, if privatization is not going to
be happening anytime soon, what else can
it do to raise its liquidity?
>> So, New World has been focusing on
developing residential developments, and
that could bring in extra cash sometime
down the road. And analysts are saying
that New World should also focus on
selling some of its investment assets.
And New World has indeed been doing so.
We reported earlier that New World is
seeking to sell its 11 Skies project, a
mega shopping mall near Hong Kong's
international airport. And it's also
seeking to divest some of its mainland
Chinese
investment assets. And analysts are also
saying that bringing in an outside
investor is also indeed one of the
options.
>> Surely, thank you so much. We'll be on
top of the story, of course. If you're
arriving, of course, into or going out,
departing from Hong Kong, you'll be see
this massive mall, of course, just just
across the airport. I believe it's
terminal one, terminal two, and then the
New World asset. Okay.
So, we talked about earnings, and and I
think I want to use Lau Po Gold, which
which Abel just mentioned there as part
of the MSCI additions, right? So, the
shift in sentiment on the left side,
Marvin Chen or Bloomberg senior equity
strategist says that based on southbound
flows data and the amount of holdings
that they're seeing there. There seems
to be a shift
that's starting that's shifting away
from your your new consumption place
like liquor will go back into
what we're calling a tech eight, right?
So, China's tech eight, the big platform
companies. And that's going into a big
earnings week where Tencent reports on
on Tuesday. Now, this goes into the
other big theme that we've observed
recently of the Shanghai comp, which is
very near 10-year highs. I should know
that as David was pointing out perform
the CSI. The ratio between the Shanghai
comp and the CSI 300, you take a simple
ratio and it's now at eight-year high.
They actually topped the 2023, early
2024 levels as of the close yesterday.
So, there's something to keep an eye on,
of course, is what's what's behind this
move and everything else, of course,
that we've been tracking into this
Chinese market. Right.
How do forwards feel about the Chinese
market? That's the other thing, right?
Where is the incremental buyer
as far as this rally goes? Steven Sun,
head of research of HSBC Shanghai, is
here with us on set.
You guys just finished a very long
marketing trip in the US. Tell us about
that. Yeah, how do people feel about
this market?
>> Okay, yeah, David, thanks for having me
here. For the past two weeks marketing
trip in the US, I've met with over 42
financial institutions in both the East
and West Coast.
And I would say that interest level in
the US has actually come up improved
very significantly. There was this
client meeting I walked into the
conference room with over 20 people
there and also over 120 people online.
Altogether, we're talking about 150
portfolio manager and analyst from one
single institute to listen to my China
presentation.
It's it's one clear, you know, evidence
interest are coming back or into the
much better performance,
you know, for the Hong Kong market since
fourth quarter last year and for Asia
market, you know, from July this year.
>> Okay, so they they've clearly taken an
interest. They're taking time off their
schedule to come. My question next is
have they opened up their checkbooks?
>> Exactly. You know, if you look at
actually the flow foreign flows were
actually witnessing outflows since late
March. So I E this high interest have
yet to be reflected in their portfolio
positioning and also capital inflow. But
having said that this is actually good
news, right? You know, because today's
bear could be tomorrow's bull. I know
they have some lingering concern. First
and foremost is still this, you know,
geopolitical tension between China and
the US. But also this is because the US
market has performed very strongly post
you know the reciprocal reciprocal
tariff day.
And lastly it's also because of you know
the deflationary pressure in China and
also the ongoing anti-evolution campaign
from the Chinese government.
>> Ebro?
>> Yeah, I have a question for Stephen.
I mean to your point about the US side
having delivered so far.
And that's helping the case for your
stocks. Maybe that's slowing the the
process of diversifying into China. But
we are also seeing increasingly these
concerns about the Fed leadership
signals. You know, there's a lot of
scrutiny there. Do you think that dents
the case for the US exceptionalism and
then you know, makes the case for China?
>> Okay, yeah, if you look at how exactly
you know the different type of investors
are positioned. I would say, you know,
the global funds and also international
funds are generally under waiting China.
You know, this is because you know,
China is actually small in terms of
index waiting.
For MSCI world index for instance, China
only accounts for 3 to 4%. Whereas in
the US it's still like over 60% of the
index.
Um so, US capital market and
particularly stock market arguably are
still where you have, you know, the most
innovative companies in the world.
Uh and this, you know, really does not
change because of, you know, the the
change of the US administration. So, all
the innovations are still there. And and
then that's why, you know, what they're
most interested in China is also
China's, you know, innovation. I think,
you know, in first quarter of this year
was, you know, the deep fake large
language model and moving into second
quarter of this year, it's all about
innovative drug companies, you know, in
China. The fact that, you know, the in
terms of global licensing out, um
China's market share went up further,
you know, from almost non-existent uh
7-8 years ago uh when chapter 18A opened
in Hong Kong in 2018, to like, you know,
30% last year and a whopping 47% in the
first half of this year. So, I think,
you know, what the US investors, you
know, are interested is really the
innovative companies, you know, in
China.
>> Do you see that broadening out? I mean,
this innovation undercurrent,
uh what's that benefited so far?
AI-related stocks, biotech. Does that
broaden out?
>> Uh
yes. Um I think, you know, the uh we do
believe the strengths of innovative drug
companies could continue for, you know,
the rest of the year owing to very
strong business development activities
owing also to the fact that you're going
to have a lot of, you know, data rate
out uh going to, you know, first quarter
this year. Um and having said that, I
think, you know, the high dividend yield
space, for instance, you know, China's
banking sector,
when I pointed out the fact that Chinese
banks uh have actually, you know,
outperformed the Nasdaq since the
beginning of the 2024.
Many would not believe it, but which is
actually a fact, especially for the
dual-listed, you know, H&A share big cap
banks. Um, I think, you know, the case
for these banks is really, you know,
what's driving the Hong Kong market. Um,
it's really the Southbound, and um,
majority of that is coming from
insurance company who are searching for
higher yield. Despite the fact that
after 3 years, you know, outperformance,
yield has been coming down for the
banking sector in general from 7 to 8%.
And down to 4 to 5%, i.e., a dropping of
300 bips. And remind you that the
benchmark, uh, which is, you know,
China's 10-year Treasury yield
during the same period has also dropped
220 bips. So, the investment thesis of
owning this high yield sector is still
valid. And then that's why our banking
analyst, uh, actually upgraded outlook,
you know, for Chinese banks. And
together with that, we have also
upgraded our view for China's insurance
sector, uh, as well. Um, so, and not to
mention that, um, you know, this
anti-involution campaign will certainly
help, uh, in the traditional sectors
like, you know, steel, cement, solar,
um, but also, you know, other new
economy sectors like, you know, uh,
express delivery, uh, and ultimately
will also help the banking sector.
>> So, Stephen, I want to pick up on that
because the that's the new buzzword,
anti-involution. And I think when you
when you do a survey of at least the
people that we've spoken to,
to your point, they think the benefits
will first be easily realized
in the sort of old sectors, right? The
steel, cement of the world. The jury's
still out, though, in terms of the
private sector. And what what is your
view on whether or not that does lead
to, I guess, an earnings or a margin
recovery in, you know, some of the the
private sector like EVs for example or
some of the platform companies or to
your point delivery companies.
>> Yeah. Um we're actually cautioning
investors to be more realistic about
what this round of inter-evolution or
uh supply side structural reform, that's
what I I you know, I'd like to call can
achieve. So, comparing to like, you
know, 10 years ago, um we're
overcapacity uh highly concentrated uh
in the uh old economy sectors, in the
investment infrastructure related
sectors, uh in which SOE plays a big
role. And then that's why uh on the
supply side, the government can use
like, you know, draconian measures like
executive order to cut overcapacity.
And then, you know, on the demand side,
reminds you that, you know, pretty soon
uh China started this, you know,
monetization of shanty town renovation
campaign.
So, very quickly China has lifted, you
know, PPI out of negative territory for
let within less than a year.
So, this time around on the supply side,
I would say that um first of all, the
overcapacity issue is much more broadly
based, including both old and new
sectors, new economy sectors like solar,
battery, EV, you know, you name it. And
which means that um the government has
to rely more on market forces,
i.e. you know, self-regulation,
uh you know, self-disciplinary
uh discipline uh discipline and also uh
you know, voluntary
um
production reduction measures like that,
i.e. much less dramatic. While in the
meantime, our economists, you know,
really they're not looking for a big
massive, you know, demand side
stimulation, you know, to come in the
coming quarters.
And then that the conclusion is that,
you know, this time around um the
campaign will probably take much longer
>> Okay.
>> to lift the China out of the, you know,
the PPI from negative territory.
>> So, it it looks like we'll need to wait
or have patience at least or at least
recalibrate our expectations ahead of
this as well. I final question for you.
The you mentioned South bond flows,
right? And it's, you know, the market in
Hong Kong has reawakened. Capital
raising
it a lot of the fund flows that have
come here as well. Are we overlooking
opportunities in mainland China just
because of how well Hong Kong has been
doing?
>> Yeah, so those two markets, you know,
they're highly correlated, right? You
know, obviously Hong Kong has, you know,
rebounded much faster um because, you
know, Hong Kong has been under depressed
evaluation for a longer period of time
before fourth quarter this year.
Um and then this is really a
China-by-China story, if you will. For
instance, the Southbound has been almost
1 trillion year-to-date. Uh so, that's
keeping, you know, the Hong Kong um
market uh rejuvenated. And back to the
domestic A-share market, um I think, you
know, we're also seeing encouraging
signs. First and foremost, it's the
national team sort of provide a downside
protection, right? You know, national
team like Central Huijin
>> Yeah.
>> according to our estimate, probably have
bought 200 billion through many ETF
subscription in second quarter this year
um by leveraging the credit support from
the PBOC.
Well, in the meantime, for the past
months, you know, since July, we're also
seeing margin financing uh activities,
you know, picking up.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and for the first time for a long
time, we're seeing margin financing
topping 2 trillion RMB. And then in
terms of, you know, the stock trading
account being opened, uh this year we're
talking about uh slightly below 15
million new accounts being opened by
individual investors and uh close to 2
million accounts alone for the past
months of July and we know that you know
retail investors really plays a very
important role for the domestic Asia
market. So with their sentiment being
improved and you know
lifted, we do believe you know the Asia
market will also playing the catch up
with Hong Kong.
>> There we go. Margin debt to the point
that Steven Sun was making as you can
see there has really picked up recently
as well and we'll see right the bottom
is in I think
that's fairly clear the upside is where
a lot of people are hotly debating and
of course which is really a big
improvement by the way from about 12 24
months back. Steven Sun just now there
head of research at HSBC Shanghai about
17 minutes into the open here Hang Seng
Index 8/10 of 1% to the downside. A look
at markets plenty more head here
on the China show. Good morning.
Welcome back. So this meeting later this
month is taking on a lot more
significance. We're talking about Indian
Prime Minister Narendra Modi scheduled
to meet Chinese President Xi Jinping in
Tianjin as we were pointing out later
this month for talks now taking on
really added more
consequence given the backdrop of
everything else that's going on outside
of course this bilateral relationship.
Let's bring in Min Min Loh China
correspondent here with us to talk us
through this long planned meeting
suddenly is looking a lot more
important.
>> Yes, so Modi is going to China to attend
the Shanghai Cooperation Organization
Summit which is taking place in Tianjin
and the security grouping led by Beijing
and he was planning to meet with
President Xi on the sidelines but now of
course it's taking on added significance
because of the additional tariffs on
Indian goods because of the purchase of
Russian oil and this is the same threat
that the US has leveled on China as
well. So it creates a common point of
interest for Xi and Modi to discuss you
know their collective strategy to deal
with this. Um and of course, it's coming
at a time when you know, the relations
between the two sides have been quite
uncomfortable. I mean, they have their
territorial dispute at the Himalayan
border. Um and over the past decade, we
have seen this sort of waxing and waning
of China-Indian relations over the
years. And now, I guess the the
circumstances is calling for them to
re-engage with each other again,
especially this year. Since June, we
have seen at least three Indian
ministers or officials traveling to
China. And that's a level or inter- a
frequency of interaction that is really
quite rare. And Chinese state-linked
media also showing indication that they
are willing to embrace India more as
well.
>> Minmin,
you talk about these interactions.
You know, when we talk about Russia
energy imports, do you think that the
threat of these secondary tariffs from
the US could
jeopardize China-Russia ties in any way?
>> Yeah, it's a bit of a complex situation
now, right? Because Trump is going to
meet with Putin sometime soon, with or
without Zelensky. And if Putin is able
to uh come up with some sort of
ceasefire plan that could appease Trump,
maybe that gives the Trump
administration a reason not to impose
more tariffs on China. But you think
about China-Russian relations,
diplomatically and financially, there
isn't a lot of interest or reason for
China to lean away from Russia. Of
course, things are a little bit
uncertain now, because we're counting
down to August 12th. And that's a
deadline for the truce uh between US and
China. So far, President Xi has not yet
announced an extension of that truce.
And we are hearing quite sort of
conflicting signals from different US
officials. You have Howard Lutnick
saying, "Yes, that truce is likely to be
extended for another 90 days." But then,
Scott Bessent saying that, "No, there
could be more tariffs imposed on China."
So, things are still looking quite
uncertain right now.
>> Minmin, thank you so much. Minmin Lo,
our China correspondent there on that
upcoming meeting taking place later uh
this month. We will take a very short
break uh but before that, we leave we
look at markets particularly this rally
which stands out quite clearly visually
in Japan. Session highs on the Nikkei
42,000,
highest going back to July of last year.
Plenty more ahead, this is Bloomberg.
>> Now for another check of markets, couple
of movers we're watching in the session
including Intel suppliers. This is after
Trump said that the Intel CEO should
quit. This is following on from China
hawk Senator Tom Cotton raising the
Intel CEO's alleged ties with China. So
that's become a key consideration not
just for the company but its suppliers
as well. Taking a look at some of these
semiconductor related stocks as well. CS
SMIC, I should say. Uh net income
missing estimates. We're seeing Hua Hong
uh the revenue guidance was a beat. So
couple of analysts looking a bit more
optimistic on that. Aside from that,
take a look as well at Wynn Resorts.
Adjusted second quarter EPS missing the
mark. Uh we also have some MGM China uh
revenue to look at as well. So that's
down in the session. We'll have more
ahead in the next hour. You're watching
The China Show.
Welcome back to The China Show. Here's a
look at the Hang Seng half hour into the
session. We're seeing it
uh
extending declines a little about 8/10 a
percent down broadly in line with the
rest of the region. Each shares also
coming under some pressure and all this
going into a weekend maybe investors
choosing to be a bit more cautious given
everything that's going on, Dave.
>> Yeah, this really outside of the story
in Japan, the lack of momentum that's
reemerged. But I think make no doubt a
couple of things that price on stocks
have done well this week and that's
really not a coincidence given the
decline we saw in the dollar. So that's
obviously going to benefit risk assets.
But apart from Japan, which is by the
way very doing very very well, which
we'll get into later on. The rest of the
region is doing okay despite if you
remove Japan from the equation, I would
imagine it'd be flat if not lower on the
benchmark today. 2% higher just a couple
of milestones that we are maybe going to
see these next few days or so if the
momentum in Japan continues. So the
Nikkei's about 1% away from an all-time
high. We're now at about the highest
since last year. Beyond that last year
level takes us back to basically never.
The Taiex index is also about I would
say about 1.2, 1.3% away from a record
high. TSMC of course has helped things
along quite nicely. But as I speak,
we're now reversing
those those gains right now. The big
story of course is in the FX markets,
the personnel clarity that we know how
to defend, the lack of clarity we have
over the rate the path that rate of the
path of rates. Okay, it's Friday, bear
with me. As far as the Bank of England
is concerned, so that's
the revote that took place and now what
does the next meeting look like after
they didn't cut interest rates to a
two-year low in the Bank of England. So
this reemergence of uncertainty cable
As you can see there is flat following
quite a decent bounce that we had
Wednesday going to Thursday going into
going into this morning. Right.
Apart from that, April, we have some
breaking news.
>> Yeah, breaking news out of Israel.
We're getting word according to a
statement that top Israeli ministers
have approved the prime minister's plan
on Gaza that Israeli army will seize
Gaza City, that it will provide civilian
aid. This is according to the prime
minister's office.
This is part of a plan to occupy Gaza
City. So, that's something that we're
going to be keeping a close watch on.
This, of course, after consultations
that have lasted for more than 10 hours.
This is how we're getting this decision
according to Axios. And this is part of
the first phase
of an offensive that could include the
occupation
of the Gaza Strip. So, that's what we're
hearing from the prime minister's
office, Israeli army to seize Gaza City
and provide civilian aid. Now, of
course, we've also been keeping tabs on
what's going on in the backdrop
geopolitically and when it comes to
trade specifically. And I think part of
why we're seeing the rally as you
alluded to in Japan today has really
been one thing, earnings delivery from
SoftBank. AI profit fueling that
recovery. And then we also have Japan
more or less confirming that the US is
not going to be stacking these tariffs.
Then the conversation becomes about
China as well because Besson is talking
about how tariffs on them still on the
table. Joint scrutiny about its Russian
oil imports. We have Lutnick separately
talking about how that 90-day trade
truce is likely.
And then bring in as well Trump and how
he's expressed some disappointment
to the Russian president because that
ceasefire deadline as well for the
Ukraine conflict. That is today. Have a
listen.
>> Is your deadline still standing for
Vladimir Putin to agree with ceasefire
tomorrow or is that fluid now
>> It's going to be up to him.
>> And do you
>> We're going to We're going to see what
he has to say. What's going to be up to
him? Very disappointed.
>> Right. So, you know, these are all
interconnected, right, April? And I
think the the interesting
perhaps and you know, if we if we
continue on the progress, if we do get
progress between the US and Russia
is some of the issues that have hounded
the Indian markets through rupee
specifically this week and maybe China
additional levies there. Uh those things
largely go away, right? So, I think we
have to wait and see how those talks
well, if those talks happen, where
they'll happen in terms of neutral
ground and certainly whether or not
Donald Trump does make progress in that.
I think that's point number one.
Point number two is if you think about
it, we we had Joanna from City earlier
on this time in the last hour and I
think she made two very good
observations. Number one is
if you take a step back and you look at
where
tariff rates currently are compared to
where people expected them to be during
the you know, the election going into
the elections, you know, the rate the
the rate differential that China has
over say India, which was expected to be
the hedge, is actually not that much
different. So, I think one of the
observations there was because that's
the place China's actually starting to
emerge here as potentially
less gay and number one and number two
is if we do get that 90-day
extension that goes into what she says
November, which is you know, the the
month that people talk about the the
potential timeline for the meeting
between the two presidents. So, point
number one. Point number two, I'll make
this very quick. They've started to see
payback come through in the data. Trade
numbers. So, we talk about a soft US
economy in Asia, Malaysia, Singapore,
Thailand, the data has started to show
that you again, you can't front load
things forever. Have a look.
>> For the last couple of months, we've
actually been tracking a lot of the data
to assess where we're starting to see
the payback effects on the exports. And
where we're seeing it, we first started
to see it in Singapore and Malaysia, but
then recently we've also started to see
quite a bit of payback effect on
Thailand as well.
Uh so again, the the the view is that
could continue to go and you know you
know recently we actually just moved our
central bank rate cut call in Thailand a
bit earlier uh to next week to August uh
partly because not just because the
inflation was very benign, but just
because that we think the growth
headwinds are growing. So that's
something that we need to watch for the
region uh obviously going into the
second half.
>> For a look at how traders are digesting
today's headlines, Bloomberg FX and
rates strategist David Finnerty joins me
in the studio now. So David, we want to
talk about the new guy, Stephen Moran,
right? Uh he'll be there until January
next year because that's when Adriana
Kugler's term was going to run out. But
I mean, tariffs is a part of the
conversation as well. What do you see as
him being able to potentially affect
um bigger rate cuts?
>> I think at the moment you've said that
he replaced well, he will replace
Adriana Kugler, so you have one more in
the dovish camp. Uh but I think you
always have to remember the market's
already priced at nonfarm payroll. The
market is already looking basically for
a rate cut in September. And market
repricing change very quickly. If you If
you go back about say a week ago, take
10 days ago, it was like one, maybe two,
but really more one and a bit. Now we're
two, two and a half. So I think the
market The data comes in week, the
market can go hey, it's actually going
three. And if you look who's in that
camp, I think you'd say Moran was
certainly is on the dovish side, but
he's only one person who will make up
the committee. I think that always has
to be factored in. Still led by Jerome
Powell, even though we you know it looks
like he will be replaced at some point
next year. So, I think we're looking for
Okay, it's one more in the dovish camp.
Where's everyone else lying? And today
you have about a missing them who is a
vote Fed voter speaking. Next week you
have Austin Goolsbee, who's another Fed
voter speaking. So, it's interesting to
see what's their take. Have they also
gone a bit like Lisa Cook, who is a Fed
governor and voting? She's gone Okay,
that data could be the turning point.
Are they of the same thing? So, I think
the question is, you know, looking at
the numbers
um in terms of Do we go from two to
three as far as the market's concerned?
And we know now that Mester will be one
of those numbers for more rate cuts, but
we need more in that camp still to fully
go. Cuz if you go back to the most
recent dot plot, it was still just two
cuts. Now, of course, in September we'll
have the market certainly expecting rate
cut, but then the question is, again, is
it one more in addition to that or is it
two? And I think Mester will certainly
be in We'll be in the two to three camp
total, should we say? Is that what you'd
expect?
>> We also have Waller as frontrunner for
Fed chair.
What is the investor reaction to that?
Because, you know, on the one hand,
there's been talk about White House
meddling, but at least he is somebody
within the Fed Committee. So, does that
speak to institutional continuity? What
is the reaction in the market for that?
>> I think the market remains sort of We
knew he was pitching behind the scenes.
We had an idea The market had an idea
said he was quite keen for this rate cut
last time along with Michelle Bowman.
So, there was an idea that he was
pitching for the job, even though his
name hadn't been mentioned. I think now
the question is it looks like he is a
candidate, but the market will respect
him. He's well known. He hasn't always
been
a dove. He has been a hawk as well. So,
I think he's well respected, but we now
know that he's in the dove camp. But
again, even if he comes Fed chair, it
wouldn't be until next year assuming
Jerome Powell lasts until the end of his
term. So, we're still a few months away.
So, I think even with him the market's
going to go, "Look, it's still Powell
leading the the the the boat, should we
say, at the moment." And what he says,
assuming he speaks
um at Jackson Hole Symposium, will be
very interesting indeed. So, you know,
how dovish has he turned given the data?
And remember, I would say, we still have
one more data print to come. And if you
invest employment data and we have CPI
next week, PPI, and of course one more
employment report. And if that
employment report comes in strong, then
you go, "Okay, was one an aberration?" I
know we have revisions, but the the
picture could get a bit cloudier. But
certainly the moment the recent data
we've had between ISM and payrolls has
been like growth is definitely um
and the labor market is definitely
feeling some headwinds, should we say.
>> So, what makes more sense for the
dollar's trajectory amid all of this,
you think?
>> I think in the moment the general
sentiment, it was it has Look, it's been
very bad traders have been very bearish
on the dollar. It sort of plateaued a
bit when we saw like, "Okay, the data
was still coming in quite strong. The
Fed was pushing back." Last Last week's
nonfarm payroll was a bit of a
game-changer, no question. And now the
market's going, "Okay, we think we It's
time to get short dollar again." It's
been a bit of a choppy trade cuz we're
doing summer trade, but I think the
sentiment is investors looking for the
right place to get short the dollar,
whether it be against the euros,
certainly very popular. Aussie dollar
has shown some interest as well and
other currencies.
>> David, thanks so much.
Um there's a lot to digest here, you
know, between the tariff impact as well
as what's happening with uh Fed official
movements. Bloomberg FX strategist David
Finerty for us. Dave.
>> Yeah, I just a recap the breaking news
we got um about 10 minutes back here.
So, the
um So, Israel, this is is the Israel
security cabinet has now approved the
Prime Minister's plan to seize Gaza City
and also provide civilian aid. You know,
we've been
looking ahead to this possibility the
last couple of days or so this intention
of Israel to fully take over Gaza
intention then and now of course we do
have more details on this
that it's now been approved by the
security cabinet of the plan to seize
Gaza City and also provide civilian aid.
We'll get more details on this on the
other side of this break. This is
Bloomberg.
If you are just joining us right now
some breaking news in the last 15
minutes or so we now understand that
Israel security cabinet has approved
this plan the Prime Minister's plan to
take over or to seize Gaza City for more
on this Michael Heath is with us to take
us through what we know so far about the
the initial developments here Michael.
>> Yeah David so as as you mentioned the
headlines have just passed that the
Israel security cabinet has approved
plans for the military to go into this
it's about 25% of Gaza that they had
been keeping out of because that's where
the suspicion is that that's where the
remaining hostages might be being held
and obviously they didn't want to put
them in danger now the situation is
obviously changed where
excuse me they um Israelis believe that
the negotiations aren't going to get
them anywhere so they're going to try to
release these hostages
using their armed forces so that's sort
of where things stand at the moment the
security cabinet is sort of like a
kitchen cabinet of
a smaller number of ministers that that
take this decision
which has just happened I mean Israel
had sort of flagged this
you know in in recent days we've been
reporting it as well, but now we have
this officially underway.
>> Okay, the headline also included the
Israelis army to seize Gaza City and
also provide civilian aid. Michael, do
we know a little bit more anything more
on civilian aid aspect of this?
>> Well, look there's there's been an
effort to to ramp it up. I mean
obviously Israel's come under really
heavy international criticism for the
state of
of Gaza and the civilians in Gaza. I
mean there's been horrific images
broadcast. So that they are trying to
ramp up the aid and presumably
this is this is a little bit to in the
sense I guess to try to head off any
criticism of of
further military action, but also just
to try to meet the
the heavy demand for for assistance from
the civilians there who have sort of had
to move from one side and the other of
Gaza as as
various operations have gone and the the
level of destruction there. So they sort
of everything needs to come in from the
outside for them. Now we don't we don't
have any details as yet as to how that's
going to look, but the pressure on
Israel to ramp up aid has been high. We
know President Trump has referred to it.
So there is there is a definite effort
there to try to try to get more goods
and more supplies into the into the
civilians there.
>> Right, and you know that's
not a coincidence given of course that
you know the similar trend that we've
seen is the growing condemnation across
that we've seen internationally on this.
So Michael, I guess the question is how
might this land
right now? How might this development
and I guess we can talk about the timing
in a moment, but how might this land
among
in the international community here,
Michael?
>> Yeah, well look David I you you you
suspect that it's not going to go down
particularly well just because the the
the idea of using additional force in an
area that's built up that that you know
where there are civilians, where it's
you know it's just very very difficult
to to conduct an armed operation in area
where there's you know, there's there's
just not much room and there's a lot of
um a lot of civilians around. There's
just going to be casualties. So, you
imagine that the the international
reaction is not going to be good. Israel
does have the US standing by, which is,
you know, obviously, incredibly
significant. Um
President Trump has basically said that
uh that he sort of understands where
Israel's at that um that it sort of has
to do what it has to do. And and we saw
our ambassador uh Bloomberg interviewed
Ambassador Mike Huckabee um
the US ambassador to Jerusalem who who
to the Israel who um who basically
repeated that uh that view that um you
know, Israel's got to do what it's got
to do. The the US has sort of concluded
as well that Hamas is not um is not
engaging seriously in these negotiations
to try to free the hostages. Um and that
if this is the way that Israel thinks it
has to go to try and bring that to an
end, then they're prepared to to to
stand by Israel's side while they do
that. So, while it has this shield of
the US, um it's probably able to resist
the the international pressure, but no
doubt it's growing. We've seen um France
saying that it's going to recognize uh a
Palestinian state recently the UK say
that it's going to it will join France,
then Canada, um even down here in
Australia, the the the talk is sort of
seems to be moving gradually towards
that direction. So, there's some
momentum um you know, on the Palestinian
side. All of that symbolic, obviously,
if you've got an Israeli military
occupation, but uh in the meantime, the
the pressure outside is definitely
growing.
>> Yeah, and it it it it it did seem and
going into this, it does seem that it's
it's it's really just a a a spectrum of
really bad options here. Uh Michael, and
and to your point, right? International
condemnation, international pressure,
but also, we're going into 2 years now,
almost 2 years of fighting. Do we know
Do we have any information on the timing
of when this might actually begin? When
when the military operation might
actually begin?
>> No, I look
it I'm I'm not aware at this stage of of
when it might start, but you'd have to
you'd have to suspect it's happening
soon if they're trying to if if they're
you know if they're having late night
meetings and these sort of things
that that that the the intervention you
know it's potentially even imminent
at this stage. But, the you know the the
sort of
what you mentioned a bit earlier about
the the the difficult position that the
Israelis find themselves in it is all
round because at the end of the day
Hamas sort of
Israel is copping a lot of blame here
but Hamas is sort of refusing to
negotiate and part of the the
understanding from Israel from the US is
that
Hamas needs to leave Gaza and then
the the war can come to an end hostages
can be freed and things can sort of
develop from there. Now, while Hamas
refuses to that do that while it has the
Trump of these hostages we're sort of in
a in a you know in a deadlock here and
Israel just basically sees this is as
it's
it's best or perhaps it's only option in
terms of trying to free those hostages
and when we've when we've seen video
clips and pictures they're looking the
20 remaining hostages is what the
estimate is out of out of about 50 who
are still missing
20 remaining who are believed to be
alive. The they seem to be in a terrible
state as you mentioned there's been 22
months of conflict they've been
underground for a lot of time they're
moved around they're not going to be in
good physical state at all. So, Israel
sort of feels like it has to move
quickly now.
>> Michael thank you so much Michael Heath
on what we know so far and perhaps what
lies ahead given the breaking news in
the last few minutes or so as of course
we wake up to a new day there hopefully
in in many ways this Friday. A look at
markets plenty more ahead this is
Bloomberg.
Welcome back you're watching the China
show. Let's get to this massive Intel
story and certainly one thing that we
woke up with here in the Asia Pacific
with uh,
pressure to underscore that point from
President Trump calling for the CEO to
immediately resign over what the
president calls conflicts of interest
injecting really fresh turmoil into a
company that by the way is also
struggling fundamentally when you look
at the losses, uh, relevance as far as
the AI conversation goes. Min-Min Low,
our China correspondent, is here with us
to talk us through what exactly are the
conflicts of interests, uh, that are
being raised here. What What What What
more do we know about that?
>> Well, President Trump didn't exactly
spell out what the conflict of conflict
of interest is, but uh, we know that a
Republican senator had recently written
a letter to the board of Intel
questioning the CEO's ties to China, his
ties to the Chinese military, and his
investments into China as well. And this
is in relation to his role before he
became the CEO of Intel. He was running
Cadence Design for over a decade. That's
a US chip design company that had sold
products to a Chinese military
university, and at the time it had pled
guilty to violating some export control
rules. Uh, at the same time, Mr. Tan,
the CEO, he also has his own venture
capital firm that invests in many
countries including China, uh, including
into many Chinese chip companies. So,
potentially this is where the conflict
of interest could come from. And the
question is whether or not Intel did,
uh,
do its own, uh, intelligence to due
diligence to find out, you know, before
hiring the CEO.
>> Okay, what's the other side? Has Intel
responded?
>> Yes, Intel has released a statement
saying that they are they are still very
committed to US national security, that
they have manufactured for decades in
the US, that they have invested billions
to build up infrastructure in in the US
to invest in R&D and manufacturing. Um,
but at the same time, we know, for
example, that Intel had gotten about $8
billion
in funding from the CHIPS and Science
Act. And a big part of that was to build
a plant in Ohio. But the company had
said that it would delay those plans to
build out the plant until 2030s.
And perhaps this is something that could
have angered Trump because they did
take, you know, this is taxpayers' money
that they're taking and they do have an
obligation to answer to that.
>> Okay. Any lessons that tech CEOs can
learn? And obviously we don't know how
this is going to be resolved at some
point, but based on what we know so far,
any any
>> Yeah, I guess one of the one of the
takeaways that you can take from this
for tech CEOs is perhaps this CEO's
failure to build or cultivate a personal
relationship with President Trump has
come to bite the company in its back
because you look at what Nvidia's CEO
has done. Even Shou Zi Chew from
TikTok as well, they've been, you know,
lobbying the government and really
trying to build relations with President
Trump. And right now it is not clear
which is the bigger worry, whether the
company is going to cave in to Trump's
demand or the political repercussions of
defying it because this CEO, he was
handpicked because of his deep
connections and expertise in the
industry. And many analysts feel that
the things that he has done to turn the
company around have been right at the
beginning when he sort of gone through
this
cost-cutting regime and restructure the
fabs.
And so right now there isn't really a
clear indication of who else can step
into his shoes if he does step down.
>> Minmin, thank you so much. Minmin Loh,
our China correspondent there
on the latest. Right, one group of
stocks that we've been tracking about an
hour into the session and these and
you'll understand why in a moment when
you see all the substantial gains we're
seeing in the likes of Innovation
Medical Management, Managing Panda
Electronics limit up in some cases here.
So these are brain technology stocks.
Uh and effectively the the China's
Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology on Thursday said that China
will accelerate the use of
brain-computer interface products in
industrial manufacturing, healthcare,
and consumer sectors by 20
27. You have a policy push on upgrading
high-end manufacturing to include
cutting-edge technology such as this.
And as you can see, markets are moving
with it for now. We'll see what happens,
of course, and whether or not plans come
to fruition. Markets do need just only
bits of information to run
like this. Holly Morgan, this is the
China show.
It's 11:29 in Tokyo, which means we're
about a minute to the lunch break there.
And you know, it's been, as you can see,
quite a quite a morning in Tokyo. We're
in the thick of earnings. I think
yesterday on the Topics Index, we've had
like 15% of the Topics reporting
earnings.
Some 300 or so on the Topics are
reporting today. So on top of
anticipation ahead of those earnings,
we're also dealing with
these as far as the market moves today
go. Market reaction from yesterday. So
whether that's Sony, SoftBank, we'll get
to that in a moment. Toyota reported
after the bell
yesterday, I believe, or towards the
afternoon part of the session.
And as you can see, that's enough to
lift the Nikkei to almost 1,000 points,
right? 42,000
is a level that I believe we haven't
reached just yet. We're within 1% of an
all-time high, I believe, there in the
Nikkei 225, which is the level we last
touched
back in July of 2024. The Topics is
slightly behind. It's perhaps down to
index constituency, but apart from that,
yeah, let's get into the earnings right
now. In fact, let's start things off
with SoftBank.
SoftBank Group specifically here. So the
company's back in the black. That's
after reporting a quarterly profit of
$2.9 billion. That's more than double
the average analyst estimate. This was
partly driven
by gains in video and TSMC, as well as
various startups that uh backed. Now,
it's a boon of obviously the founder
Masayoshi Son and his bets on AI.
SoftBank slated to invest uh $30 million
in Open AI and is buying chip designer
Ampere for 6 and 1/2 billion.
Right. Uh let's have a look at sh-
shares of Sony on your screens.
Two-day look, let's call it 9% 4,000 yen
a pop. Um secondly, of course, extending
those gains that we've had already from
about midweek. So, the company raised
its profit forecast for the current
fiscal year. Morgan Stanley says there
is room for upside to Sony's game and
network service earnings. Okay, so
that's two down. Let's talk about Toyota
now. You see President Trump's tariffs
are starting to affect corporate
earnings and really one of Japan's
biggest names, if not one of the
biggest, is feeling the pain. We're
talking about the car maker, as you can
see on your screens, projecting nearly
$10 billion hit to its bottom line for
the year. In fact, it just lowered its
annual guidance for more color and more
importantly, context. Reed Stevenson,
our senior editor, is with us to talk us
through Toyota and broadly speaking,
what the earning season has been so far
in Japan. And we're bringing in, of
course, as well, our colleague Kitayuki
San is there with both joining us out of
Tokyo. Let us Who do we begin? Eeny,
meeny, miny, moe. Reed, you take this
one. You win. Reed, take us through the
Toyota story. What do we need to know?
>> yeah, yeah. I mean, the you know, the
yeah, the $10 billion you just
mentioned, you know, that translates to
1.4 trillion yen. That is essentially
the reason why they lowered their full
fiscal year outlook to 3.2 trillion from
3.8. And uh essentially, you know, to a
certain extent, Toyota had been uh
absorbing some of the tariff costs, but
now with the clarity, you know, they've
calculated the impact and decided to
take that uh hit to their uh forecast.
But you What you also have to remember
is that, you know, they actually
outperformed in the latest quarter, you
know, during the April to June period,
they actually uh reported 1.2 trillion
yen in operating profit. That's well
above what analysts had been projecting.
And so, to a certain extent, you know,
there's there is underlying strength
there. And what this probably sets us up
for is a beat on the earnings uh later
on when they report the full year
figure.
>> Right. And Reed, just on the tariff
front, this is obviously a global
company. How is that showing up
uh in the Toyota narrative, Reed?
>> Yeah, I mean, to a certain extent, you
know, they they were they saw this
coming. They've uh shifted a lot of
production to North America,
particularly for the RAV4, which is a
very very popular model there, the
hybrid version of that. And obviously,
you know, Toyota has mastery of the
supply chain. They make 11 million
vehicles a year. And so, I think they've
they've done everything they could to
sort of prepare for this eventuality.
And I think the main point here is that,
you know, there is clarity. We now see
that in the numbers. And then, the only
job is to really try and uh outperform
that. Uh at least uh you know, it's an
exercise sort of in managing
expectations as well.
>> Oh, yeah. Yeah, the secret to life,
really, Reed. Fantastic. Thank you so
much, Reed Stevenson there, uh our
editor in Tokyo on the Toyota side of
the conversation. One to watch there,
right? The broader story in earnings,
let's get a sense of where we are right
now as the earning season is coming to
an end, and what the overall takeaway
is. And I'll put the question to you,
Hida. Uh what's the takeaway you think
that markets should be walking away from
here? Walking away with, rather.
>> Uh I'd say if you look look at the um
numbers in the aggregate, um
profit growth has slowed, and in fact,
we're likely to see the first
year-on-year fall in operating profits
uh since the COVID
uh time. Um now, the the main reason is,
of course the um car makers because they
they have been suffering from tariffs um
Um so,
if you look at the positive side, if you
exclude car makers and steel makers,
people say
the earnings are pretty good. But, on
the other hand, um
car makers are still a very important
part of the Japanese equity market. And
uh despite some clarity that we are
having on tariffs, um many investors are
still unsure exactly how how much they
can their shares might recover because
their share prices have really recovered
massively after the announcement of
US-Japan tariff deals late last month.
And it's that alone is not enough to
make investors bullish about the outlook
of car makers at this point.
>> Yeah, I want to pick up on that, uh
Sanosun, because the to your point,
you're correct. The the reactionary
function of investors here
has almost been I think you we put data
on this out, fantastic work by the way,
has been disproportionate if comp-
companies had missed expectations. What
have we seen so far as far as how
investors have punished those stocks?
>> Yeah, exactly.
Um
and I guess
the chip making sector is probably the
best example of this. Tokyo Electron
shares have tumbled after its earnings
disappointed. And also, uh we have uh
Shin-Etsu Chemical which
uh makes wafer for semiconductors. Its
shares also uh
fell massively after its earnings
disappointed. And what this tells seems
to be that um basically um companies
that have very high uh valuations are
very vulnerable at this point.
And even if you look at the overall
market valuation, the topics is now
trading at 50.6 times the earnings,
and that's quite high. I mean, it's not
the highest level in but it's it's I
would say it's
somewhere between 20 to 30% percentile
over the last 10 years. So,
um and
last time when we had a valuation like
this in 2024, we had a big crash. So,
you could say that
um basically the market is already
pricing in very strong earnings and
therefore
even the slightest disappointment could
lead to a very big fall in share prices.
>> Mhm.
The offset, and this might be something
else, but it's it's a positive thing.
What's the latest on share buybacks?
Because that might be
provide you know, a sliver of solace for
investors who are worried to your point
over rich valuations.
>> Exactly. Share buybacks have been one of
the strongest support for the Japanese
equity market as you you mentioned. And
so far, the numbers is
almost in line with last year. So, it's
it's almost flat.
And it it's flat from record levels. So,
it's not high, but we haven't seen
strong growth we've seen over the last
few years. So,
um
share buybacks being flat from last
year, investors are not particularly
impressed after having seen very strong
growth.
Um
And many companies are also
on
According to analysts, many companies
are also becoming a bit cautious about
um
increasing shareholders return precisely
because of a huge uncertainties on the
uh global economy including tariffs but
uh
also many uh
companies are also worried of possible
slowdown in the US economy because of
the because of the impact of uh tariffs
etc. Um so we are unlikely to see a
major a big growth in share buybacks at
this point. I mean it's already at very
high level. Um so
one would think that staying at that
level would be a probably a good news
but it's not
uh likely to uh
put additional support for Japanese
equity prices.
>> Okay. And that was a really good news.
You know Yuki-san, I thank you so much
in Tokyo for us wrapping up really the
key themes
uh in the earning season in in Japan as
we move into the uh the the latter part
of that if not towards the end of course
of that. is this season story. Okay. Uh
let's stay in earning so because one
market that is about to enter to think
of earnings in the next few weeks is
China and in fact we've had already some
big names report this week. Uh recently
and I want to say recently uh yesterday
and we have some context this morning
from management on some of the earnings
calls. Uh these chip makers SMIC number
one number two is you have Huahong Semi.
Both companies out with earnings on
Thursday both missing estimates.
Huahong's guidance for the current
quarter was actually higher than
consensus. Meanwhile SMIC here says the
current demand for its products is
actually higher than what it can
actually supply but the CEO Joe Huang
Jun thinks that some clients have
actually switched to other suppliers
because of concerns
over tariffs. Now our next guest was in
fact listening in on this earnings call
there uh when those comments were made.
Ray Wang joins us research director for
semi supply chain and emerging tech
at Futurum Group joining us from
Washington. Ray, good morning from the
Asia Pacific. I know it's late so thank
you for staying up. You were on the
call, what's the doubt to you there,
sir?
>> Thanks for having me. Yeah, I think that
I think the biggest takeaway or the most
notable comment I kind of gain, you
know, earning call is I don't think the
management addressed well enough in
terms of the tariff impact. In
particular, the tariff impact on the
Chinese customer. And we have seen the
comments from the US administration in
terms of the 100% tariff and also the
unclear 232 investigation on
semiconductor. I think it's because the
comment didn't address well enough on
the concern on tariff and you see market
react negatively after the earnings
call.
Um but in terms of kind of domestic
demand, I think domestic demand was
still um is see the supply in the short
term and that's the comment that and I'm
being witnessing in other semiconductor
companies.
>> Right. And you know, the context there
was they they pointed out demand is
likely to outstrip supply. Where are we
seeing demand incrementally pick up,
Ray, in your view?
>> Yeah, I think I think so so it's sort of
broad, right? It's for the automotive
um and also the I think the smartphone
is also doing okay. I think for the both
part and I I think one important thing
is I was trying to figure out how AI
will impact the demand for snake, which
I think for now still unclear, but I
think that for automotive and kind of
smartphone it's continuing to doing well
and kind of bought a consumer
electronics.
>> Okay, and what about, you know, the the
slow narrative of, you know, locally
made chips replacing some foreign one
some foreign names? Where do you think
we are in that story?
>> I think it's still too early to say for
now. I think we are seeing expanding
capacity and continued technology
advancement for Chinese chipmakers. But
I think for now, if you look at the
foreign chipmakers, whether it's for the
power semiconductor or for kind of other
semiconductor types, I still think for
chip makers still will have
notable presence in China.
>> Okay, now I I need to ask you about
not Nvidia per se, but you know, this
detente and this pause and let's let's
call it tensions specifically on chips,
H20, right? The
This is a two-part question for you. Do
you think China
needs H20 chips currently? Do you think
they want H20 chips in the future?
>> Well, I think both answers yes. Number
one, the the AI companies and the
hyperscalers right now in China will
definitely prefer Nvidia's H20 over any
domestic offerings so far, given the
better memory bandwidth that offered by
H20. And I think in the future, it will
very depends on, you know, how Chinese
domestic chip makers will develop,
whether they can outpace the current H20
capability, right? If they can outpace
the capability and they can expand the
capacity to supply domestic AI players,
that will be the point that they don't
need H20. But I think for now and
looking forward in short-term, H20 will
still be very important for China's AI
developments and its compute demand.
>> Okay, so when we talk about when I'm
curious if it's a if it's a question of
when or if, right? So, give us a I know
it's difficult to project, but give us a
an informed projected timeframe of when
you think
those capabilities are available
domestically and they don't need to
source it outside, whether that's from
Nvidia or somebody else.
>> Yeah, if we are to talk about you know,
having the chips that better than H20
currently, I will probably say three to
five years, but if you want to have a
offerings that is better than Nvidia
overall and at the same time to have the
capacity, I think the gap is at least 5
years and I don't want to predict even
further just given all the uncertainties
and how technology has developed in a
way that there's no way you can predict.
>> Okay, yeah, there we go. Future Room
helping us look into the Future Room.
Ray, thank you so much. Ray Wang in
Washington there, research director for
semi supply chain and emerging tech at
Future Room Group. Thank you so much for
joining us
today, Thursday of course in his time.
Quite late there. so much. All right, um
if you missed that specific conversation
or others that we had here on shows in
the last couple of hours, TVGO is a
function you run.
And yeah, you can also get into some of
the securities and charts and commentary
that we've gone through here in the
shows. So, check it out on TVGO.
>> India
will never compromise
on the interest
of farmers,
fishermen,
and dairy farmers.
I know personally
I will have to pay a heavy price for it,
but I am ready for it.
>> That was the Indian Prime Minister
Narendra Modi there pledging to really
do what it takes to safeguard your
interests, specifically of really
couldn't be more clear,
Indian farmers for example, there are
made these tariff pressures coming
through
out of out of the US President Donald
Trump. Okay, he we also discussed trade
with Brazil's president. He's set to
meet Chinese President Xi Jinping later
this month. So, the docket is quite busy
there as far as Indian foreign relations
go. Let's bring in our government
reporter Sudhiranjan Sen is with us. So,
to us through. Sudhiranjan, why don't we
start with Brazil and the significance
of those talks between Lula and Modi?
What's the context there you think we
should be taking away?
>> Well, I mean this was a pre-scheduled
call. I mean it it was not you know a
call that all of a sudden the two
leaders decided to talk. This was
decided that they would talk.
I mean you
Prime Minister Modi and Lula just met a
couple of months ago.
So so they're they're just carrying
forward the discussion. But what is
important is in in between we've seen
tariffs being slapped
across and India and Brazil more or less
on the same page. BRICS
which both India and Brazil are members
of President
Trump has criticized BRICS.
Kind of you know branded it as an
anti-American organization, threatened
to you know punish countries that are
part of BRICS. The The interesting
takeaway for me at least in the talks is
from the readout
from
you know coming out of Brazil there's a
clear mention that they took you know
the two leaders spoke about trade,
tariffs.
That that is the big takeaway that is
there.
Whether whether there is you know
something more coming between the two
countries not not clear yet. But the
very fact that the two leaders are
speaking on the fact on on the US
tariffs is very very important
and and you know something that we need
to follow.
>> Well
before actually before we talk about
that right now Swaminathan before we
talk about this upcoming meeting with
President Xi Jinping, what do we know
about how India is planning to handle US
tariffs or penalties depending on I
guess how you look at you know the
framing there. What do we know about how
India is planning to handle US tariffs
or penalties depending on I guess how
you look at you know the framing there.
What do we know about how India is
planning to handle US tariffs or
penalties depending on I guess how you
look at you know the framing there. What
do we know about how India is planning
to
>> Well, I mean there are there are after
options that that are being considered
in India. And India's got India you know
India's approach is a very cautious
measured approach
that we are seeing. We've seen a couple
of statements, couple of angry
statements coming out of India pointing
fingers back at
you know, the European Union,
the US
saying that the tariffs and the
penalties are unjustified. But having
said that, there is much more cooler
head so to say when when deciding the
next course of action. Retaliation of
course is a possibility, but it doesn't
look like that India wants to go down
that route. Rather, it seems like there
is you know, the discussions that are
going on and this is what my colleague
Shruti I and Ruchi we have reported
is India's talking about what else can
we do.
The The bottom line being that India
like the United States is quite keen to
get the trade deal done. And therefore,
what can we you know, what can both
sides or what can India do so to say to
get the negotiations going. Trade
negotiators from the US are expected
later in the month. That
stands despite
the acrimony that is there. So,
I would say you know, there are 21 days
that President Trump has given. So, it's
going to play out. We don't we don't yet
you know, see India retaliating
you know, relations completely breaking
down.
>> And Shruti, just quickly here speaking
of end of the month, this this upcoming
meeting between
Prime Minister Modi and Chinese
President Xi Jinping is taking on a lot
more significance because of just the
context you've laid out for us. What can
we expect there?
>> Well, the first thing that we can expect
is India and China going to speak you
know, discuss and and perhaps the two
leaders are going to get the
relationship normalized even even more.
The relations were bad because of the
border skirmish 5 years ago. This being
normalized. But they've already decided
to start direct flights, ease visas. So,
we can expect measures like this,
easing tensions, normalizing the
relationship. That's what you know,
that's what is most likely going to come
out of the you know, the bilateral
meeting.
>> Thank you so much, Udip Ranjan Sen, our
government reporter
with the latest on what to watch moving
forward. We'll get you guys a preview in
a moment here of the things that we're
keeping an eye on going into the weekend
here as far as Chinese markets go,
including the inflation print which
comes out on the weekend.
Right, before we wrap up the show going
into the weekend, a couple of things
we're keeping an eye on certainly as we
go into the weekend specifically
inflation numbers are coming through
here. This is out of China and when you
look at the forecast not encouraging a
but the median forecast is for a slip
back into negative terrain on the CPI
front. We'll see whether or not the
change is of course Chinese media when
you look across some of the reporting do
suggest that there is a window for a
triple R cut not necessarily today, but
I guess moving forward. Activity numbers
are coming through going into next week
and of course it's also a very big
earnings week. We'll get to that in a
moment here. Now as far as the there we
go as far as the inflation print is
concerned CPI is expected to go from .1
actual last month to negative one and
PPI as you can see is expected to come
off a little bit from the bottom of
negative 3.3%. That's due around this
time tomorrow. Speaking of earnings very
quickly a glance at what to watch
Tencent is reporting next week apart
from many of the big names where we get
into the thick of things as far as
Chinese tech goes jd.com what have you.
Okay, right
apart from that before I go just to
recap the breaking news this hour which
I imagine our colleagues of the next few
hours will dig into even further. The
breaking news that Israel's security
cabinet has approved the prime
minister's plan
to seize and go into Gaza City. We don't
understand. We still have no information
on the timing of that, but certainly
that is a more than an indication
of of preference. Let's put it that way.
Plenty more ahead. This is the China
Show.